Hi everyone.
My name is Craig Golightly, and welcome to my course,
AWS Databases: The Big Picture.
I am a senior software consultant.
Data is one of the most valuable assets for organizations.
How you store and organize that data can either enhance your
operations and insights or limit what you can do.
In this course,
you'll learn to choose the best database type for each application and identify
which AWS service you can leverage for your implementation.
If you're studying for the AWS Database ‑ Specialty exam,
this course will help you understand foundational concepts before
diving into the details for each database service.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include use
cases for different database types,
AWS services for various database types, and
responsibilities of a database specialist.
By the end of this course, you'll have a good understanding of database types,
available AWS database services, and the
responsibilities of a database specialist,
including design, maintenance, and optimization of various database types.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn about AWS databases with the AWS Databases: The Big Picture course, at Pluralsight.